Stop it is a shield
Let me kill this ignorant kid
You're passing by now
Where is the face of Xuanyin Sect?
It seems that you Xuanyin Sect can afford to gamble
Can't afford to lose
You are courting death, our Xuanyin Sect keeps our word
Why hasn't the oath of the Holy Son just now been fulfilled?
The implementation can depend on whether you can afford it or not
Oh.
Yo, wait for me.
Ha ha.
Does this look like the holy son of Xuanyin Sect?
Hahaha, don't be happy too early.
Xue Zun without samurai
In the next round, please ask disciples to play instead of the saintess
Disciple guarantees with head
I will kill this kid
Ten.
Okay, I'll let you bring the saint to fight
I picked you to death
Too early to be proud